i wanted i want to share something with
you
like the masses i wasn't
all when i first laid eyes on all the
things you are
[Music]
i heard that speech i knew we'd make
noise
i just thought it'd be in the streets
the black panthers are the single
greatest threat to our national security
our counterintelligence program must
prevent the rise of a black messiah
you're looking at 18 months for the
stolen car
five years for impersonating a federal
officer
or you can go home what do you want
get close to hampton the black panthers
are forming a rainbow coalition of
oppressed brothers and sisters of every
color
neutralize them by any means necessary
[Music]
america's on fire right now
and until that fire is extinguished
nothing else means a damn thing
[Music]
imagine what we could accomplish
together
[Music]
we can heal this whole city you ain't
telling me it was going to be like this
these ain't no terrors we got a rat man
does anybody else know about me no one
knows your identity are you sure
we educate we nurture we feel
and we lobby perhaps we're here for more
than just wall
with these bodies we scream
and we shout and we live
by this anthem but it's power to the
[Music]
when i dedicated my life to people i
didn't came out alive
you get to go out there and talk about
dying of revolutionary death
because you don't have another person
growing inside your body
anyway there's people it's power
[Music]
you